Add guideline for create linking between docs in kyma/docs dir (#168)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/content-guidelines/linking-in-docs.md

# Linking in docs

These are the guidelines for making cross-reference between the documents in the [kyma/docs](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/docs) folder.

>**NOTE:** Remeber that linking between documents in [github.com/kyma-project/kyma/docs](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/docs) doesn't work. At the moment it only work on [kyma-project.io/docs](https://kyma-project.io/docs).

## Linking between the same topic

If you want to linking to another document in the same topic, you must create reference by this pattern `#{type}-#{title}`, where:
- `{type}` is a type of the document, that you want to reference.

> - `{title}` is a title from document that you want to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{title}` is a title of the document that you want to reference.
```

> `{type}` and `{title}` are a metadata of relevant document. They are at the beginning of each document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{type}` and `{title}` are placed in a metadata section of each document.
```

>**NOTE:** All of vars in reference must be [tokenized](#tokenization).

>**NOTE 2:** If `{type}` doesn't exist, the pattern has a form `#{title}-#{title}`.

>**NOTE 3:** If you want create reference only to `{type}`, the pattern has a form `#{type}-#{type}`.

> ### Example

Reviewer: I'd get rid of the heading.

> For the existing topic with files and theirs content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, there are two documents named `001-overview-service-brokers.md` and `002-details-azure-broker.md`. Their metadata fields look as follows:
```

- `001-overview-of-some-content.md`
  ```
  ---

>   title: Some content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Service Brokers
```

  type: Overview
  ---

  ...
  ```
- `002-details-of-some-content.md`
  ```
  ---

>   title: Some content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Azure Broker
```

  type: Details
  ---
    
  ...
  ```

> a reference from `001-overview-of-some-content.md` to `002-details-of-some-content.md` must be: `#details-some-content`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, a reference from `001-overview-service-brokers.md` to `002-details-azure-broker.md` is  `#details-azure-broker`.
```

## Linking between different topics

> If you want to linking to another document in the different topic, you must create reference by this pattern `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-#{title}`, where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to link to another document in the different topic, create a reference by this pattern `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-#{title}`, where:
```

> - `{type-of-topic}` is a type of the topic, that you want to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{type-of-topic}` is a type of the topic that you want to reference.
```

> - `{id}` is a id from topic, that you want to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{id}` is an id of the topic that you want to reference.
```

> - `{type-of-document}` is a type of the document, that you want to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{type-of-document}` is a type of the document that you want to reference.
```

> - `{title}` is a title from document that you want to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{title}` is a title of the document that you want to reference.
```

> `{type-of-topic}` and `{id}` are a metadata of relevant topic. They are in `docs.config.json` file, which is in the root directory of each topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{type-of-topic}` and `{id}` are metadata fields of the given topic. They are placed in the `docs.config.json` file, in the root directory of each topic.
```

> `{type-of-document}` and `{title}` are a metadata of relevant document. They are at the beginning of each document.

Reviewer: I wouldn't repeat that.

>**NOTE:** All of vars in reference must be [tokenized](#tokenization).

> >**NOTE 2:** If `{type-of-document}` doesn't exist, the pattern has a form `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{title}-#{title}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `{type-of-document}` doesn't exist, the pattern has a form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{title}-#{title}`.
```

> >**NOTE 3:** If you want create reference only to `{type-of-document}`, the pattern has a form `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type}-#{type}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want create a reference to the whole `{type-of-document}`, the pattern has a form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type}-#{type}`.
```

> ### Example

Reviewer: Remove

> For the following architecture with files and theirs content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, there are two documents with the following metadata sections:
```

> - `service-catalog/docs/001-overview-of-some-content.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service-catalog/docs/001-overview-service-catalog.md`
```

  ```
  ---

>   title: Some content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Service Catalog
```

  type: Overview
  ---

  ...
  ```
  where `service-catalog` has a:
  - `type`: `service-catalog`.
  - `id`: `components`.

> - `service-brokers/docs/001-overview-of-some-content.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service-brokers/docs/001-overview-service-brokers.md`
```

  ```
  ---

>   title: Some content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Service Brokers
```

  type: Overview
  ---
    
  ...
  ```

>   where `service-brokers` has a:

Reviewer: `The **type** of the documents are `service-catalog` and `service-brokers` respectively, and their **id** is `components`.

  - `type`: `service-brokers`.
  - `id`: `components`.

> a reference from `service-catalog/...` to `service-brokers/...` must be: `/docs/service-brokers#overview-some-content`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, a reference from `service-catalog/...` to `service-brokers/...` is `/docs/service-brokers#overview-some-content`.
```

# Linking in docs

These are the guidelines for making cross-references between the documents in the [kyma/docs](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/docs) folder.

>**NOTE:** The linking works only on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/docs). Currently, the cross-references between [GitHub documentation](ttps://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/docs) is not available.

## Linking between the same topic

If you want to link to another document in the same topic, create a reference using the `#{type}-{title}-{header}` pattern, where:
- `{type}` is a type of the document that you want to reference.
- `{title}` is a title of the document that you want to reference.

> - `{header}` is a header which is located in the document that you want to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{header}` is a header located in the document that you want to reference.
```

For example, there are two documents named `001-overview-service-brokers.md` and `002-details-azure-broker.md`. Their metadata fields look as follows:
- `001-overview-service-brokers.md`
  ```
  ---
  title: Service Brokers
  type: Overview
  ---
  ```
- `002-details-azure-broker.md`
  ```
  ---
  title: Azure Broker
  type: Details
  ---
  ```

In this case, a reference from `001-overview-service-brokers.md` to `002-details-azure-broker.md` is  `#details-azure-broker`.

## Linking between different topics

If you want to link to a document in the different topic, create a reference by using this pattern `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-{title}-{header}`, where:
- `{type-of-topic}` is a type of the topic that you want to reference.
- `{id}` is an ID of the topic that you want to reference.
- `{type-of-document}` is a type of the document that you want to reference.
- `{title}` is a title of the document that you want to reference.

> - `{header}` is a header which is located in the document that you want to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{header}` is a header located in the document that you want to reference.
```

>**NOTE:** All variables must consist of lowercase characters separated with dashes (-).

> `{type-of-topic}` and `{id}` are metadata fields of the given topic. They are placed in the `docs.config.json` file, in the root directory of each topic. `{type-of-document}` and `{title}` are placed in a metadata section of each document. If the `{type-of-document}` doesn't exist, the pattern has the form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{title}-{title}-{header}`. If you want to create a reference to the whole `{type-of-document}`, the pattern has the form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-{type-of-document}-{header}`. If you don't want to create a reference to the `{header}`, the pattern has the form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-{title}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{type-of-topic}` and `{id}` are metadata fields of the given topic. They are placed in the `docs.config.json` file, in the root directory of each topic. `{type-of-document}` and `{title}` are placed in a metadata section of each document. If the `{type-of-document}` doesn't exist, the pattern has the form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{title}-{title}-{header}`. If you want to create a reference to the whole `{type-of-document}`, the pattern has the form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-{type-of-document}-{header}`. If you don't want to create a reference to the `{header}`, the pattern has the form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-{title}`.
```

# Linking in docs

These are the guidelines for making cross-references between the documents in the [kyma/docs](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/docs) folder.

> >**NOTE:** The linking works only on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/docs). Currently, the cross-referencess between [GitHub documentation](ttps://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/docs) is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** The linking works only on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/docs). Currently, the cross-references between [GitHub documentation](ttps://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/docs) is not available.
```

## Linking between the same topic

If you want to link to another document in the same topic, create a reference using the `#{type}-#{title}` pattern, where:
- `{type}` is a type of the document that you want to reference.
- `{title}` is a title of the document that you want to reference.

`{type}` and `{title}` are placed in a metadata section of each document.

If the `{type}` doesn't exist, the pattern has the form of `#{title}-#{title}`.

If you want to create a reference to the whole `{type}`, the pattern has the form of `#{type}-#{type}`.

>**NOTE:** All of vars in reference must be [tokenized](#tokenization).

For example, there are two documents named `001-overview-service-brokers.md` and `002-details-azure-broker.md`. Their metadata fields look as follows:
- `001-overview-service-brokers.md`
  ```
  ---
  title: Service Brokers
  type: Overview
  ---

  ...
  ```
- `002-details-azure-broker.md`
  ```
  ---
  title: Azure Broker
  type: Details
  ---
    
  ...
  ```

In this case, a reference from `001-overview-service-brokers.md` to `002-details-azure-broker.md` is  `#details-azure-broker`.

## Linking between different topics

> If you want to link to another document in the different topic, create a reference by this pattern `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-#{title}`, where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to link to a document in the different topic, create a reference by using this pattern `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-#{title}`, where:
```

- `{type-of-topic}` is a type of the topic that you want to reference.

> - `{id}` is an id of the topic that you want to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{id}` is an ID of the topic that you want to reference.
```

- `{type-of-document}` is a type of the document that you want to reference.
- `{title}` is a title of the document that you want to reference.

`{type-of-topic}` and `{id}` are metadata fields of the given topic. They are placed in the `docs.config.json` file, in the root directory of each topic.

`{type-of-document}` and `{title}` are placed in a metadata section of each document.

If the `{type-of-document}` doesn't exist, the pattern has the form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{title}-#{title}`.

If you want to create a reference to the whole `{type-of-document}`, the pattern has the form of `/docs/{type-of-topic}/{id}#{type-of-document}-#{type-of-document}`.

>**NOTE:** All of vars in reference must be [tokenized](#tokenization).

For example, there are two documents with the following metadata sections:
- `service-catalog/docs/001-overview-service-catalog.md`
  ```
  ---
  title: Service Catalog
  type: Overview
  ---

  ...
  ```
- `service-brokers/docs/001-overview-service-brokers.md`
  ```
  ---
  title: Service Brokers
  type: Overview
  ---
    
  ...
  ```

> The **type** of the documents are `service-catalog` and `service-brokers` respectively, and their **id** is components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `{type}` of the documents are `service-catalog` and `service-brokers` respectively, and their `{id}` is `components`.
```
